Now that we've created a new project, we're going to create a new Kubernetes cluster inside here.
So to get started, I'm going to find the menu on the top left hand side.
Then scroll down to Kubernetes engine right here.
I'll then select clusters.
And the very first time you come to this page, you're going to see a little message here at the top
that says Kubernetes cluster API is being enabled.
It's going to take about three or four or 5 minutes for Google Cloud to give you access to the Kubernetes
engine pages.
So you'll probably want to pause this video right now and just let that thing finish up after that goes
away.
Well, then find this little pop up right here and click on Create Cluster.
Well, then be given a couple of different options to create our first Kubernetes cluster.
Now, just so you know, what we see right here is a very default setup environment.
So it has a ton of settings hidden behind the scenes and all these menus off to the left hand side.
Some settings we want to use the defaults for, others we want to change.
So let's go through setting.
By setting.
First off, I'm going to find the name selector right here and I'll change the name to ticketing.
Dash dev like so.
Next, I'll find the location type.
Also liked zone.
And then for zone, it'll probably have a default setting for you right here.
Make sure that the zone that is selected is somewhere that is just physically located by you in the
world.
For me, I'm in the central US right now, so I'm going to use the default setting of US Central one
to see.
But you can absolutely use any zone in here that you wish and it should be one again that is physically
close to you.
Then finally down here at the very bottom, I'll find a master version.
So this is the version of Kubernetes that we're going to use.
The versions that are listed here are usually pretty laggy.
So in other words, when a new version of Kubernetes comes out, you will not see it appear in this
list for quite a while.
Right now you'll notice that I have versions 31.14 all the way up to 1.15.
At the time that I'm recording this video, there are much newer versions of Kubernetes around, but
these are the ones we get access to.
We want to make sure that we have at least a version in the 1.15 series.
So at least make sure that you find 1.15.
You can select the latest version, and if you only have options newer than that, that is totally fine.
Just make sure no matter what, you've got something that is at least 1.15.
Then after that, I'm going to find note pools on the left hand side.
I'm going to click on that thing and we'll see the options update here in the center.
I'm going to find the size right here.
It says number of nodes and by default we get three different nodes.
Remember, each of these different nodes is essentially an environment where our pods are deployments.
Our services are going to be executed.
We're going to leave that at the default of three for right now.
You might recall that on your local machine, we got a pool of one or a node of one that meant that
we had a single node running on our local machine.
So already out the gate we've got the opportunity to get a lot more processing power here if we need
it.
But we also need to configure exactly what each of those nodes are.
So on the left hand side, I'll then select nodes.
And we get a ton of additional settings on here.
So we're going to go through this machine configuration by default.
They're selecting a fairly standard virtual machine to run all your different pods.
This is a little bit more powerful than we need, and you actually end up paying for it as well.
So we don't need to pay as much money as this in one standard, one cost.
So I'm going to open that thing up and we can take this down to G one small.
I would not recommend going down to micro at the very least.
I would go down to just a small, which costs a fair bit less than the standard.
And that's it.
That's the last setting we're going to change.
So once I've changed that, I'll then click on Create at the bottom left hand side.
That's then going to start creating this new cluster of three separate nodes.
It's going to take a couple of minutes for this thing to be created.
Solve this video right here and we'll just go ahead and let that thing run.